Out of these, what is your most preferred color combination?
Black & Yellow	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Pink & Blue	-Budweiser
Red & Green	-Heineken
White & Brown	-Corona

On a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the highest, how needy do you think you are?
1 to 2	-Miller Genuine Draft
3 to 5	-Corona
6 to 8	-Heineken
9 to 10	-Budweiser

What kind of music do you prefer?
Pop	-Coors Light
Rap/Hip Hop	-Budweiser
Classical	-Corona
Rock	-Heineken

How do you like your burgers?
Plain, just meat and buns, maybe a pickle and some cheese	–Miller Genuine Draft
A bit more than that... Lettuce, tomato, onion, and cheese	-Budweiser
Loaded, cheese, pickles, mustard, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion...	-Heineken
I don't eat burgers	-Pabst Blue Ribbon

What's your favorite instrument?
Electric Guitar	-Pabst Blue Ribbon
Jazz Flute with Ron	-Corona
Drums/Percussion	–Coors Light
Piano	-Miller Genuine Draft

How often do you get in a bad mood?
Constantly	-Pabst Blue Ribbon
Maybe every couple of weeks	-Budweiser
A few times a year	-Corona
Almost never	–Miller Genuine Draft

Which TV show would you prefer to watch?
Man vs. Wild	-Miller Genuine Draft
The Hills	-Heineken
Iron Chef	–Coors Light
Family Guy	-Corona

How many TRUE, close friends do you have?
I'm a loner	-Corona
EVERYONE loves me	-Budweiser
About five	–Heineken
Not sure, they’re always changing	–Coors Light

What's your build?
Slim/Slender	–Coors Light
Average	–Miller Genuine Draft
Athletic	-Budweiser
Stocky	–Pabst Blue Ribbon

Which of these would you prefer to eat?
A huge steak! Bring it on!	-Heineken
Burgers and fries	–Coors Light
Chicken alfredo	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Cheese, dip and crackers	–Miller Genuine Draft

Do you enjoy playing beer pong?
I'm a champ!	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Eh, it's something to do at a party	-Corona
No	-Miller Genuine Draft
Yeah, it's fun every now and then	-Budweiser

Where is your ideal beer drinking place?
Anywhere, any time!	–Coors Light
On the porch/deck	-Heineken
At the bar/restaurant/pub	-Budweiser
At a wild party	-Corona

Where do you like to shop?
JC Penney	-Miller Genuine Draft
The local thrift store	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Abercrombie & Fitch	-Heineken
Wal-Mart or Target	–Coors Light

Which of these is your preferred automobile?
Corvette convertible	-Corona
Lexus sedan	-Budweiser
Dodge pickup	–Miller Genuine Draft
Harley Davidson motorcycle	–Pabst Blue Ribbon

Which of these countries would you most like to visit?
Ireland	-Heineken
Germany	–Coors Light
Belgium	-Budweiser
USA	-Corona

If you were trying to gain the attention of a chick or guy you liked, which of these would you do?
Walk up to them, introduce yourself and smile and act normal	–Coors Light
Just act smooth and cool and wait for them to come to me	-Budweiser
Use a cheesy pickup line	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Impress them... Walk up to them and tell them you’re uberwealthy	–Miller Genuine Draft


Do you like hot summers in a pool or at a beach with a bbq?
Yep!!! Especially the BBQ	-Miller Genuine Draft
Love playing waterpolo!	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
No. Eh, whatever.	–Coors Light
It's nice to have chances like these to relax	-Corona

Which of the following is your personality closest to?
Outgoing, happy-go-lucky, carefree	-Budweiser
Serious, headstrong, tough	-Heineken
Introverted, pessimistic	–Pabst Blue Ribbon
Caring, decent	-Corona

What makes you laugh?
Slapstick comedy	-Corona
Sarcasm	–Miller Genuine Draft
Dry humor	-Heineken
A lot of things make me laugh, I'm a happy person!	–Pabst Blue Ribbon

Why do you drink beer?
Because it tastes good	-Heineken
Because it's part of beer pong	–Coors Light
Because I like getting crazy	-Miller Genuine Draft
Because I want to forget about my worries	–Pabst Blue Ribbon